Previously on
Minority Report...
For a decade, all
I did was watch people
being murdered.
Can't do that anymore.
I'm tired of picking up
the pieces.
Just once, I need
to stop one before it happens.
My new system?
Oh, Hawk-Eye.
VAN EYCK:
Predictive policing
relying on hard data, not the
psychic instincts
of some genetic freaks.
Freaks?
You want Vega to break the law?
What do you think
she's doing using you?
The feds are
asking questions.
Like?
BLAKE:
How you did all that alone.
Agatha thinks
I'm putting all of us at risk,
that you're just
using me.
You're still seeing it--
your vision.
* I made
lots of time for us... *
(Lina whooping, laughing)
Fun! You see,
I'm having fun, Mark.
Self-Driving on the magway.
But can we go back to driverless
and just chill for a little bit?
Wait. Which one
is the brake again?
Baby...
(screaming, laughing)
Oh, my God.
I prefer the old you.
(alarm sounds)
* I can knock it down...
FEMALE VOICE:
Attention passengers.
What the hell?
FEMALE VOICE:
You are now being diverted
safely to your home.
I knew this was gonna happen.
Good morning, Mark Massero.
On behalf of the Metro P.D.
Hawk-Eye
program, I regret to inform you
that your status
has been upgraded.
My what?! What is this?!
OFFICER:
Due to the recent
pattern of behavior
listed on screen,
our system has flagged you
as an orange level threat
to public safety.
Public safety?!
This isn't a traffic ticket?
Pending a 48-hour police review,
all licenses and rights
to habeas corpus are suspended.
Are you serious?
You can't do this!
This is crazy! Hey!
...or if you wish
to file a complaint...
Hey!
...please follow
the instructions on screen.
Are you listening?!
You can't do this to me!
VEGA:
There were three of them,
Dash, Arthur, and Agatha.
They were called
the Precognitives.
They could see murders
before they happened.
For six years, our police
held them against their will
and used them to save lives.
But after the government's
Precrime program was shut down,
they were finally released.
They kept themselves safe
and hidden from the world
until now.
Welcome to the newest tool
in our police belt, people.
The Hawk-Eye pilot program.
Lynn Dravecky is from central.
She's gonna tell
us more. Lynn.
Machines know what people watch,
what people read,
what people buy,
even what people feel.
And now, they can
tell us which people
are a risk to public safety.
Now, to be clear,
this is not
Precrime.
The Hawk-Eye algorithm
can't predict exact behavior.
What it does do
is notice patterns.
Like this man,
pacing on a subway platform,
flagged by our system for signs
of high anxiety
20 minutes before
jumping in front
of a speeding BRUNO train.
Hawk-Eye could have
saved his life
by flagging his
suspicious behavior
and putting him
under Close Watch.
During this 48-hour period,
he would have been monitored
closely for any risk
to public safety,
including his own.
So then it would have been,
"Sorry, sir,
you're under arrest
for looking nervous..."?
Is there a problem?
I just
hope this department
has really good lawyers.
(laughter)
You'll have to
forgive Detective Vega.
She's a skeptic.
LYNN:
That's okay.
We'll face this kind of scrutiny
if we want Hawk-Eye
to go national.
God help us all.
You know, Detective,
we are selecting top personnel
to partner with
civilian analysts
over Hawk-Eye's trial period.
And I think you'll be the
perfect woman for the job.
Thank you. That is all.
Dismissed.
It's not gonna happen.
Consider it an honor, Vega.
You're trying
to punish me.
You stopped two
attempted murders in two weeks.
This is your chance
to prove you're not just lucky.
I told you, I have
a confidential...
Confidential informant, meaning
you don't trust me enough
to tell me
who's giving you those tips.
Well, if you're
waiting for me to say,
"Of course, I trust you," you're
gonna be waiting for a while.
Listen... not to be shared,
but the feds are going
to be watching our program
with interest.
Now, you know what that means.
You're going to
go suit shopping?
No, this is your chance
to get in early.
Lara, this is going to be big.
Maybe as big as Precrime.
Precrime failed...
catastrophically.
And before that,
it saved thousands.
Isn't that why you became a cop?
Thanks. I appreciate the offer.
Coming through!
(laughs)
Aw, come on!
Passing on the right.
No way.
You better not!
(groaning)
Whoa!
What the...?
WOMAN: Oh, man!
Are you okay?
(laughing)
That's not right.
You saw that coming.
You know, sometimes being
a drug baby has its advantages.
You're born with a gift
to see the immediate future.
It's a small price to say.
And I only get names.
Jennifer Helton.
You get her number, too?
(panting)
I will say,
for a guy who's
never had the athletic skills
of his brother,
you always had
a sneaky competitive side.
That's funny. I was about to
say the same thing about you.
No, not right
now, thanks.
I like to take the edge off.
Oh...
(sighs)
You still seeing
your cop friend Vega?
I should've known
you didn't invite me out here
for brother time.
So, is this a new lecture,
or should I just tune out?
I just want you
to be more careful
when you're choosing friends--
not just her, but everyone.
Well, that's not paranoid.
Man, you always go there first--
right to the worst in people.
And so should you, because
there's a worse in everyone,
dying to get out.
Gangsters, accountants,
cheating husbands,
even old ladies with cats.
Everyone is capable
of anything.
And we've seen it all.
Like your new friend
Mr. Massero.
I don't know anybody
named Massero.
You're about to.
(gasps, groans)
(distorted, distant):
...crazy...
Yeah!
(distorted, angry shouting)
(gasps)
See? People never fail
to disappoint you.
VEGA: He's in pain.
Almost done?
WALLY: Almost got it.
Almost got it.
Okay, okay,
okay, okay, okay...
Okay!
We got it.
(sighs)
Bad?
Peachy.
WALLY:
I'm not gonna lie to you.
Removing visions
from the dopaminergic system
of your brain-- not
unlike being scalped.
Good news is,
you get to keep your hair.
All right, here we go.
Okay, so we know
it's daytime.
Two males, and Arthur gave you
the name Massero.
Looks like a fistfight.
Maybe roadside or
something, and...
The loser gets his
head stomped in.
If it's a fight,
that means
the murder's not premeditated.
It's gonna happen soon.
There might be enough
to run both faces.
I'm gonna get Akeela on it.
You don't have to.
That's Mark Massero.
Chief creative officer
and brains behind Narcissus?
The tech company?
Tech giant.
He tried to poach me once.
He'd eat his
young to launch
the next big thing.
So, if that's the guy
who won, then,
who's the guy who lost?
Closest face-match I have
is a man named Trevor Maloney,
a fitness instructor
out of Philadelphia.
Is he in Philly now?
AKEELA:
Uh, no.
But his gym says
he's on his way here
training for the Liberty Tour.
I don't know what that means.
It's a bicycle race
that finishes in D.C.
It runs along
Cherry Hill Road.
Where did you pull this photo,
anyway?
Looks not even digital.
Have you heard of a guy
named Mark Massero?
Yeah, of course. Why?
VEGA:
I'm following a lead.
I'm trying to find a link
between him and Maloney.
There's nothing on file yet,
but I'll keep look... Wait.
Mark Massero was
flagged by Hawk-Eye
for a recent pattern
of high-risk behavior.
VEGA:
Hawk-Eye?
So, does that means
he's been placed on Close Watch?
Yup. Meaning, as of tomorrow,
we can assign a Hawk-Eye unit
to track his every move.
Seriously,
who gave you the picture?
Uh, sorry, Akeela, got to go.
(beep)
What's going on?
(sighs)
Is something wrong?
Yes. Us.
Blake is still asking questions
about my new informant.
If we keep this up,
we're gonna get caught.
I told you, I am
willing to risk that.
I'm not just gonna
sit and watch.
I'm not asking you to.
I want you
to come work with me.
With you?
We're hiring
civilian analysts
for Hawk-Eye.
It's a new pilot program.
But they'll be partnered
with cops at Metro.
We'd have real cover.
WALLY:
To track a person's every move
without due process.
It's a power grab
of our civil liberties.
You done?
For now.
You...
You want me
to go back...
inside Metro?
I haven't been
there since...
Since you were hooked up
in a milk bath, I know.
WALLY:
No.
Actually, you don't. No one
knows what they went through.
Yeah, and nobody ever
saw their faces
up close, remember?
Except you, Wally.
Dash is anonymous.
DASH:
You know I don't even have
a legal name, so...
Yeah, but your brother
is an identity thief.
The years we lost...
in that building.
That's not gonna happen again.
No one is going to find out
who you are, Dash.
I'll make sure of it.
(muffled, distorted
voice speaking)
(sighs)
AGATHA: But it's gotta...
Slow down. Slow down.
Just tell me what you saw.
A containment chamber,
harnesses, equipment.
Wires for our brains.
A milk bath.
Like the one
that held us during Precrime.
You've been seeing the same
future for months now, Agatha.
Yes, but
this is the first time
that I saw her,
the detective...
your brother's friend.
Vega?
Are you sure?
She's there
when they put us in it.
Do you think she sells us out?
Why would she do that?
Well, before Precrime ended,
the government
had bigger plans for us.
But they scrapped that program;
they set us free.
Officially.
You think they want us back?
Away from scrutiny,
out of the public eye.
A secret program.
All right,
even if that was true--
and that is a big if--
good luck finding out
who's looking for us.
We need someone on the inside.
Inside? The NSA?
Department of Defense?
Yeah, sure, I'll call a guy.
I know someone.
You do?
Yes. You forget where I live.
Actually, I don't--
you live on the Island
of Misfit Toys,
filled with people
running away
from the government,
not those in it.
And if you found someone,
how do you know
we could trust this person
with our secret?
Arthur,
you just keep a close eye
on your brother and his friend.
I've got this.
I'm not helping this time,
so go away.
DASH: We already know
the names:
Mark Massero and Trevor Maloney.
Well done.
You don't need me. Now,
could I eat my dinner in peace?
VEGA: The murder
isn't why we're here.
We need to buy a new identity.
Saying that too loud undermines
my very reputable career
as an estate planner.
(whispering):
My bios don't come cheap.
There's
ancestral platforms,
gears to grease
for background checks.
Yeah, we were counting
on a family discount.
You?
I suppose
it's about time.
Finally get a job?
Yes, I'll be working
for the police.
(gags)
(with mouth full):
I'm sorry?
Again?
You heard me right.
Are you trying to get us caught?
VEGA: This is
the best way
to keep that from happening.
No. The best way
would be for you to disappear
from both
of our lives.
I am doing this,
Arthur,
with or without your help.
Good luck, then.
You're on your own.
You know, there's a little
off-track betting operation
in the Sprawl.
You have
runners place bets
because you know the outcome.
I only told her so her friends
don't shut it down.
You may survive out here
after all.
And maybe it's better
if we don't tell Agatha.
No problem.
We never talk.
A precog is helping you?
Shh! Akeela, no one can know.
People could take
advantage of him.
The government,
foreign governments.
You got to take this
to your grave.
I will, I swear.
This is huge!
(laughs softly)
What is... what is he like?
I mean,
what would you be like,
if you had seen a thousand
violent murders? He...
He's going through some stuff.
(whispers):
Wow.
That's...
Wow, a precog!
Can I meet him?
Which one is it?
It's one of the
twins. Dash.
(laughs)
And yes, you can meet him.
Because we need your help.
You're interviewing
Hawk-Eye civilian
analysts.
Yeah...
Oh.
No. No. Lara...
Okay, just hear me out.
I need this job.
This is a good thing
we're doing here,
and you could help us.
(groans)
Akeela, please.
(horse nickers)
AGATHA: If the infection
hasn't cooled off by morning,
you call me back.
Okay. Will do.
Okay, so,
what do I owe you?
Cup of coffee would be fine.
I never get tired
of this place.
When did you come to
the island, Charlie?
Well, uh...
going on six years.
From San Antonio--
is that what Ned told me?
Yep.
Why did you leave?
Mm, get out of the city.
You?
Same.
It's a lot quieter
out here.
Mm.
I knew a man who worked
at Lackland Air Force Base
in San Antonio.
Lucas Tollin?
(sighs)
Mm, can't say
I ever met the man.
Sure you did.
Before that, he worked
at Thurn-Tippett in Chicago.
The security
contractors.
Why would I know a man
from Illinois?
Because you worked there
for ten years
before you embezzled
$1.7 million from them
and came here.
Searching
for some peace and quiet.
But you never found
the peace, did you?
Maybe it's true what people
around here say about you.
And what's that?
That you are a witch.
Oh, never to my face, Charlie.
Before you open the safe
and grab that bag tonight...
keep an eye on that mare's leg.
(indistinct chatter,
distorted and echoing)
*
(soft exhale)
(sighs anxiously)
(electronic whirr, blipping)
Dashiell Parker.
Uh, senior engineer
at Timeraft?
Mm, that's correct.
You supported
both the data access layer
and the front end.
Glad to see you came around
on joining Hawk-Eye.
DASH:
That's correct.
This your new analyst?
Figured if I'm
gonna have a partner,
I should see
what I'm getting into.
AKEELA: What kind of features
were included in the vector?
Good question, Akeela.
Thank you.
Continuous.
Mostly user ratings, uh...
micropayments.
Pretty nervous,
even for a job interview.
What's going to happen
when he sees blood?
AKEELA: Well, uh, we're placing
candidates with our detectives
in the field immediately.
It's a trial period so that
we can test compatibility.
It does not mean
you have the job.
I'm not sure I want it.
Of course, I do.
Uh... w-want it.
Make sure
you send me his file.
Do you... also understand that
your job performance reflects
on the men and women
of this department?
Yes.
And that if
you mess up, we all mess up.
Of course.
And some of us...
really... really like it here?
Your confidence in me
will be rewarded.
I will make you proud.
I'll settle
for not getting fired.
VEGA:
I read up on Mark Massero.
Boy genius,
revolutionary innovator.
He had a meteoric rise
until a year ago.
What happened then?
The magic left.
All it took was
one failed product launch
and the stock price dipped.
Now, word is, is that the board
is thinking about replacing him.
You think the victim could be
connected to this somehow?
Trevor Maloney?
Could be a motive.
Listen to you.
Nothing that
I've found yet,
but that's what
we need to find out.
Just remember,
you're a civilian analyst.
So don't get too excited.
(sighs)
Guess we're doing this.
Yeah.
I really don't want
to regret it.
Good morning.
Welcome to Narcissus.
Lara Vega,
Dashiell Parker--
Metro Police.
We're looking
for Mark Massero.
Please follow the blue line,
and someone will
assist you.
Hi.
Eli Winford,
product development.
How can I help you, Officers?
Detective. Vega.
Nice to meet you.
My name is Parker.
Mark Massero isn't in today.
Is that unusual?
Not really.
No one punches
a clock here.
Even with the board
about to vote
on his future
at the company?
You think that
he'd at least show his face.
I don't know where
you heard that.
Same place that I heard that his
behavior's been erratic lately.
Self-driving
on the mag-way.
Applying for a handgun license?
Mark likes to live life
to the fullest.
Is that what
you call threatening a coworker?
I understand that he went off
on one of the coders the night
of the failed launch party.
That's what makes Mark
who he is.
Hmm...
He loves his job.
And he really hates to fail.
Enough to hurt someone?
Do you know a lot about
the tech business,
Detective?
No.
Just failure.
Failure is why
I got into my business.
But I'm not a detective.
I'm a Hawk-Eye analyst.
First day.
Hawk-Eye? Really?
It's come to this?
Mark Massero
would not harm a soul.
I hope not, for your sake.
Because news that
Hawk-Eye flagged him
as a public risk...
won't help your stock price.
Thank you for your time,
Mr. Winford.
We'll catch Mr. Massero at home.
You walk when I walk.
Coming.
Nice bike!
Someone likes to go fast.
Bluejay C-680.
They stopped
making them in '46.
That's not street-legal.
Wasn't much to do
on the island.
Except ride.
Show me thermal.
(whirring)
Stay here.
(clattering in distance)
(woman grunting)
Metro PD!
(woman screams)
Whoa! What the...
The owner of this house
was flagged high-risk.
I-I saw signs
of struggle.
Do we look like
we're struggling to you?
Yeah. Um, do you have
a minute?
He snuck up behind me
and pulled me in here.
We were being spontaneous.
You left the
front door open.
Anybody could
have walked in.
So then you see the appeal.
Absolutely.
(clears throat)
Is what we did
a crime?
No,
it's not.
Okay. So...
remotely disabling
my car's firmware
so I can't drive
isn't enough.
Now I can't have sex
in my own house
with my wife.
Does that also
explain your love of fast cars?
I'm sorry?
Low inhibitions.
High tolerance for risk.
If you were in your 60's,
I'd call that a midlife crisis.
I call it living.
Is that why
you're going
to your therapist later?
I'm guessing.
I mean, I saw it
when I...
Hawk-Eye informed us
you have an appointment.
That is none
of Hawk-Eye's business.
You know,
actually, it is.
How do you know Trevor Maloney?
Who?
Who is he?
I have never
seen that man before.
Are we done here?
I'm not sure I believe him.
That he and Maloney never met?
Yeah.
Maybe his shrink
will tell us.
Your lead.
The therapist.
Massero is
hiding something.
We're gonna find out what.
(watch rings)
Akeela, what's up?
Hey. Hi.
Uh, so,
I'm just leaving Blake's office,
and he's asking to meet
with your new Hawk-Eye analyst,
Dashiell.
He wants him to come in.
Alone.
(quietly):
Vega,
I think he knows.
*
(phone line ringing)
Oh, hey.
Yeah, it's me.
Hey.
Still getting settled
in the new digs.
It's a nice office,
don't you think?
Yes.
Yes, it is.
Sorry I pulled you
in like this.
Uh, we hadn't met.
Protocol.
Sure. I understand.
I, uh... I pulled up
your application.
You did? Great.
Impressive.
So impressive that--
I'll be honest-- uh...
I have questions.
Okay.
Why would you leave a...
a high-paying job in
the private sector to work here?
The money was good, sure, but...
I felt like I wasn't doing
enough to make this world
a better place.
Wow.
You don't just look
like a Boy Scout.
But there's something else.
There is?
Detective Vega,
well, she doesn't
appreciate
what we have going here.
She's cynical.
I have noticed that.
But she's very good
at what she does.
I mean,
it seems that way.
On first impression.
Of course.
But she has a
tendency to, uh,
color outside the lines.
You will let me know
if there's any problems,
won't you?
Sure.
Great.
Six handicap, huh?
I'm sorry?
Your résumé.
Says you golf.
Uh...
Yeah, I don't like
to talk about it.
Okay. Well, we'll have to play
sometime. But I want strokes.
Sure. Just... bring 'em along.
(exhales)
Dr. Emory.
Sixth floor, suite 611.
VEGA:
Thanks. I got it already.
Did you see a
shrink, after...?
It was more of a panel.
Some poking and prodding.
I don't know
if it really helped.
What do you think?
Might need a follow-up.
What about you?
After your father was killed?
Or is that too hard
to talk about?
Okay, please don't turn this
into every relationship I've
been in for the last ten years.
Yes, it was a traumatic event
and, yes, there's some stuff
I need to deal with.
And I will when I have time.
But right now I don't.
Yeah, really, what's the hurry?
I do the one-on-one sessions.
The staff handles the TMS.
TMS?
Transcranial
Magnetic Stimulation.
Neurological fine-tuning,
as I like to call it.
You do this
out in the open?
This isn't 2035.
Back in the dark ages
of the early century,
mental illness
was a source of shame:
fears, traumas,
personality flaws.
These days, maintaining
a fit mind is as easy as keeping
a fit body.
So you can
fix damaged brains?
"Fix" is the wrong word.
Healing is always
a long process.
But, yes, I can offer hope
to those who suffer.
I need to talk to you alone.
About a patient. Mark Massero.
You know I can't do that.
Actually, you can.
Your patient was flagged
a potential risk by the city's
new...
Hawk-Eye program.
I heard.
Mark was a little agitated
this afternoon.
Then you know
that the provisions bypass
doctor-patient confidentiality.
Denying access
is a felony
punishable by jail.
How do you sleep at night,
Detective,
knowing that you work
for a police state?
Well, some nights I don't.
But I sleep much better
when I catch the bad guys.
Are you going
to cooperate, Doctor?
Mark was having issues
with his work.
He was always known for his
creativity, his conviction.
But after his big promotion,
he was paralyzed with fear.
He came to me
to change that.
You fine-tuned his brain.
I saved his career.
And his marriage.
What do you mean by that?
His wife, Lina,
was having an affair.
With who?
You'd have to ask her.
You're saying Lina was having
an affair with Trevor Maloney?
I hope so.
'Cause if she was,
we found Massero's motive.
I don't even know this Trevor.
We know you cheated
on your husband, Lina.
Like I said,
I never met that guy.
My affair was a fling
after a college reunion.
I told Mark about it
right after it happened.
We hit a
rough patch,
but we worked
it out.
He started TMS with Dr. Emory.
It made him a different man,
more willing
to take risks.
We have never been better.
We need to talk to your husband.
He isn't here.
Well, if you don't tell us
where he is, you'll be arrested
for interfering
with a police investigation.
I couldn't have said it
better myself.
Although I would
have preferred to.
There's a race
at the Jordan Speedway
every first Sunday of the month.
He goes there
with his car club.
I thought
his car was deactivated.
The new ones, not his classics.
He left here in one a few
minutes before you got here.
What highway?
He takes Cherry Hill
so he can really open it up.
What is going on?
Maloney is biking
back on Cherry Hill.
That's why there's no
history or motive with him
and Massero.
It's not premeditated.
They're only gonna meet once.
On that road.
We'll never catch up.
Unless we don't take
the road.
(engine whirring)
Hey!
You're that idiot
who passed me
on the curve.
You almost hit me.
Yeah, I was actually aiming
for you.
Oh, that's funny. Hey, why don't
you just take up a hobby
that doesn't guzzle fossil fuel?
Wow.
You just put me
in my place.
You don't want to do this.
Oh, but I do.
(whirring)
You all right?
Slower would be better!
Do you think I'm afraid of you?
No.
I just think
you're a little crazy.
So why don't you back off, man.
I said, "Back off."
(grunting)
MASSERO:
Do you think I'm afraid?!
(grunts)
Stop!
Do you think
I'm afraid?!
(grunts)
No!
(groans)
Stay down!
Both of you. Metro PD.
What the hell
are you doing here?!
Were you following me?!
Stay down.
Mark Massero, you're
under arrest for assault.
TREVOR:
I'm gonna sue your ass.
I'm gonna sue his ass.
Oh, man. This is bad.
Believe me...
...could've been worse.
(panting)
DASH:
"Stock prices plunged after
Narcissus chief, Mark Massero,
"was put on indefinite leave,
following his arrest
for aggravated assault."
He's out on bail.
To our first official win.
(grunts)
I've got
something to, uh,
celebrate the occasion.
It's for you, Dash.
A new phone?
Better.
Since your visions take
on the characteristics
of a febrile seizure,
they're always preceded
by a spike in
body temperature.
I programmed this
to detect the fluctuations
and give a 30-second warning.
(bracelet buzzes quietly)
Like so.
That way, if you're,
you know, at a cocktail party
or something, you can slip away.
Because I go to a lot of those.
(all chuckle)
(buzzing quietly)
Ugh. Damn it. Sorry,
it's a prototype.
Still buggy. Here, let me...
(groaning)
No, I think
it's working just fine.
Mark!
Oh, my God!
What have you done?
Lina, I'm so sorry.
...sorry.
I ruined everything.
Mark! What have you done?
I love you.
Mark!
VEGA: Massero's gonna
hang himself.
DASH: A suicide?
That's not possible. Is it?
Dr. Hineman always said
it wasn't death
you three picked up on,
but the quantum
fallout of two
forces clashing--
a murderer, a victim.
And in English,
that means?
Precogs
don't see suicide.
Someone has to be responsible.
Maybe Arthur has a name.
You give that a shot.
I'm gonna stop a suicide.
(mellow piano music playing,
indistinct conversations)
Excuse me for a moment.
Mr. Parker.
Before I forget, stay away
from Corbin, Kentucky,
with that name. Long story.
We stopped Trevor Maloney from
getting killed by Mark Massero.
Now Massero's gonna
kill himself.
I told you, I'm done helping.
A week ago, we had a deal.
You wanted Vega's help.
What-what changed?
The situation.
A man's life is on the line.
If this is one
of your games...
Enough!
If Agatha won't
tell you, I will.
Tell me what?
She had another vision,
one of the big ones.
And it involved your new friend.
Vega.
She was standing by a milk bath.
Just like Precrime.
They're coming for us, Dash,
and Agatha thinks your new
friend is going to betray us.
No way.
Vega wouldn't do that.
You want to bet
our lives on that?
You're putting us at risk.
(clears his throat)
We need to talk
about this, Dash.
You got a name
for me or not?
Yeah.
What do you want now?
To save his life.
Where is he?
Mark! Baby!
What are you doing?
Get it unhooked...
No! No!
Leave me alone!
(Lina shouts)
It's over, Lina.
I got him, I got him,
I got him, I got him.
It's over. It's all over.
I ruined everything.
It wasn't you.
(gasping)
Did you hear
what she said?
Look, it's not you trying
to kill yourself.
(wheezing)
Somebody else is.
(gently): There...
VEGA:
Name, please.
Dr. Donald Emory.
And you're a psychiatrist,
correct?
That is correct.
Watch a master paint, Akeela.
I'll go make some popcorn.
VEGA: Is Mark Massero
a client of yours?
Yes.
(door closes)
You gonna piggyback on this?
Do you do couples' therapy?
I'd like to wait for my lawyer.
And why is that, Doctor?
Because the room I'm seated in
is reading my stress indicators.
Microtremors in my voice,
skin conductance,
blush response.
Hey, a repeat customer.
No. I consulted
on the system's installation.
VEGA:
Well, then you know
the results aren't
admissible in court.
I'm not stupid, Detective.
I know that, Doctor.
But I think you manipulated
Mark Massero's TMS treatments.
To do what?
Impair his frontal lobe.
Why would I do that?
So that he couldn't understand
the consequences of his actions.
BLAKE:
He came to you
for help... and you
made him self-destruct.
You made him
lose his job.
I raised his dosage, yes.
He was a self-absorbed
workaholic who was so afraid
to fail, he became catatonic.
He had no interests
outside of his work,
because he feared
the outside world.
Air travel, diseases, spiders.
I helped him change.
Well, you did a good job.
Yeah, your patient
fears nothing.
Driving recklessly,
assaulting strangers.
Even taking his own life.
Excuse me?
(electronic blipping)
MASSERO:
Lina, I'm so sorry.
(sniffles)
I never meant to do this to you.
To us.
I don't know
what's happening to me.
I ruined everything.
I love you.
It's a suicide message.
He's dead?
We found it with the body.
Which means you will be
charged with murder.
Like you said, Doctor,
you're not a stupid man.
(sensors beeping)
I think it would be a smart idea
for you to cooperate
with us, sooner...
rather than later.
Why did you increase his dosage?
Someone put you up to it?
Pay you?
(rapid beeping)
I want my lawyer.
VEGA:
Maybe a rival
at Narcissus?
Maybe someone on the board
wanted his job.
I'm not going
to say another word.
You don't
have to, Doctor.
Your body just
betrayed you.
(steady tone)
Okay, so, it's got to be
clean, right? Simple.
Remember where
we came from.
So, this report...
MAN:
Eli Winford?
Uh, that's me.
You're under arrest.
You have the right
to remain silent.
Anything you say
can and will
be used against you
in a court of law.
BLAKE: The aggravated assault
charges will be dropped.
You were not responsible
for your actions.
You'll need therapy to get
your brain back to normal
so you don't hurt somebody
or yourself.
You got any referrals?
Mine's going on sabbatical.
(laughs)
Thank you.
Yes, thank you.
Don't thank me.
Thank, uh...
Hawk-Eye.
After Precrime was disbanded,
the Precogs were sent away
to an undisclosed location,
to a quiet life, where
they now live happily
in anonymity.
(students chatting
indistinctly)
VEGA:
Mr. Parker?
What do we owe Arthur
for the name?
He said he'd be in touch.
How you doing?
I'll be honest.
This place is gonna take
some getting used to.
Still thinking
about therapy?
I might just tough it out.
(laughs quietly)
Resemblance
is uncanny.
You saved two lives today,
Akeela.
Most people go
their whole lives
without ever hearing
that said to them.
You'll get used to it.
How's your horse, Charlie?
Where's my money?
In a safe, dry place.
Go get it.
That's not going to happen.
Because I like you, Charlie,
and I don't want to see you die.
Die?
If you take your money,
you'll go to a woman's house
in Glenville,
73 miles from here.
Lauren-something--
I didn't get a last name.
You're not going to be wearing
what you have on now.
Lauren kept
your Naval Academy sweatshirt
because it still
smelled like you.
Some people on this
island are afraid of you.
I'm not one of 'em.
No reason you should be.
A single shot fired
from a SWAT Specs Op rifle
at 200 yards will puncture
the big "N"
on your sweatshirt.
There will be a lot of blood.
No one will know
I'm going to Lauren's because
I'm gonna kill you first.
I'm afraid they've been
tipped off that you're
on your way there.
Fine, I'll go somewhere else.
Jimmy McClintock's?
He'll kill you in your sleep
tonight and take your money.
Some best friend.
(gasps)
Chicago's out, that's for sure.
And now you can't stay
around here anymore.
You've got nowhere to go,
Charlie.
About the only people
who take cash these days
are... criminals.
I'm the only one
who can help you.
What do you want?